Harrison Zafrin
Final Project Design/Idea

1. Project Idea
	My original idea was to create a visualization of pitch detection, however after seeing DIANA I would fear
	I would be borrowing a lot of ideas from Uris code.  Therefore I'm going to do a visualization of Time-Segment 
	Processing from DAFX chapter 6 which involves simple sample rate changes to either speed up or slow down a songs
	pitch and tempo.  The user will be able to use the mouse position to change the sample rate playback.
	I am also going to try and incoporate Low Pass and High Pass filters into the program.  The visualization
	will use FFT code to create an STFT effect like in DIANA.

2. Full Proposal and Design
	
	TITLE : 
		A Simple Interactive Visualizer
	AUTHORS : 
		Harrison Zafrin
	ABSTRACT : 
		For my project I will implement a circular visualization of an STFT.  Depedning on the mouse position,
		the audio will speed up or slow down like a Vinyl player.  If I can figure it out, I would also like the
		changes in tempo/pitch to be reflected with color changes in the visualization.  I'm also going to add
		Lowpass and Highpass filters controllable via the keyboard which would also change the visualization.
	WHAT : 
		My software will provide a circle shaped visualization of an input audio file in real time with STFTs.
		The user can then change the speed of audio output using sample rate manipulation and witness the effect
		on the visualization.
		The user will also be able to witness the effect of low and high pass filters with variable cutoff frequency
		on the visualization.
		The software should run straight from the command line with the help of OpenGL.
	WHY : 
		The motivation for my final project is two fold.  Firstly growing up I always loved music visualizations,
		being able to get my feet wet with OpenGL would be great and a lot of fun.  Secondly I will combine
		a music visualization with some audio effects not touched upon in my other classes.  This way I'll
		get my feet wet in some audio programming that I will have to research myself.
	TODO : 	
		My next steps are to start coding.  Everything will be written in C.  I'm going to start with the 
		sample rate conversions in real time before moving on to the filter components leaving the visualization
		for last.  That way I know the audio manipulation works before trying to figure out visuals.  I'm going to 
		be using DAFX chapters 2 and 6 for my audio research as well as the Juilios Smith books online.
	QUESTIONS : 
		I'm concerned about the scope of my final project.  However I'm hoping that referencing DIANA will make the
		visualization part simpler. 